README.md, before:

# Yellow Keycard Flatpaks

This is a repository holding some Flatpak builds I've assembled which I have yet to submit to Flathub for a variety of reasons - the app is still going through developer changes and approval, the developers have gone missing or retired so I can't get approval for a submission, or the licensing situation is unclear or incompatible with Flathub, or the developers have specifically said they don't want their app to be listed on Flathub.

# Setup

`flatpak remote-add --user ykc https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/ykc.flatpakrepo`

# Current packages

| | | |
|:-:|:-|:-|
| [<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/fpiesche/flatpak-builds/apps/io.github.elasota.aerofoil/io.github.elasota.aerofoil.png" style="height: auto; width: 128px" />](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/io.github.elasota.aerofoil.html) | <h3>[Aerofoil](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/io.github.elasota.aerofoil.html)</h3>A port of Glider PRO, the classic Macintosh paper airplane game. | Pending submission to Flathub |
| [<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/fpiesche/flatpak-builds/apps/org.lhowon.alephone/org.lhowon.alephone.png" style="height: auto; width: 128px" />](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/org.lhowon.alephone.html) | <h3>[Aleph One](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/org.lhowon.alephone.html)</h3>A modern source port of Bungie's Marathon engine. | [Developer rejected Flathub submission (for now)](https://github.com/Aleph-One-Marathon/alephone/issues/344#issuecomment-2322325970) |
| [<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/fpiesche/flatpak-builds/apps/org.arx_libertatis.arxlibertatis/org.arx_libertatis.arxlibertatis.png" style="height: auto; width: 128px" />](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/org.arx_libertatis.arxlibertatis.html) | <h3>[Arx Libertatis](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/org.arx_libertatis.arxlibertatis.html)</h3>A source port of Arx Fatalis. | [waiting for dev approval for Flathub submission](https://bugs.arx-libertatis.org/arx/issues/1747) |
| [<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/fpiesche/flatpak-builds/apps/io.github.interkarma.daggerfall-unity/io.github.interkarma.daggerfall-unity.png" style="height: auto; width: 128px" />](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/io.github.interkarma.daggerfall-unity.html) | <h3>[Daggerfall Unity](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/io.github.interkarma.daggerfall-unity.html)</h3>A modern port of The Elder Scrolls II: Daggerfall. | Developer refused Flathub submission |
| [<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/fpiesche/flatpak-builds/apps/info.exult.exult/info.exult.exult.svg" style="height: auto; width: 128px" />](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/info.exult.exult.html) | <h3>[Exult](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/info.exult.exult.html)</h3>A reverse-engineered source port of Ultima VII. | [Awaiting developer approval for Flathub submission](https://github.com/exult/exult/issues/352) |
| [<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/fpiesche/flatpak-builds/apps/org.doom2d.doom2d/org.doom2d.doom2d.png" style="height: auto; width: 128px" />](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/org.doom2d.doom2d.html) | <h3>[Doom2D Forever](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/org.doom2d.doom2d.html)</h3>A Doom-themed platform shooter. | N/A |
| [<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/fpiesche/flatpak-builds/apps/io.github.fpiesche.f2bgl/io.github.fpiesche.f2bgl.png" style="height: auto; width: 128px" />](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/io.github.fpiesche.f2bgl.html) | <h3>[f2bgl](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/io.github.fpiesche.f2bgl.html)</h3>A reverse-engineered port of Fade to Black. | License unclear and developer retired |
| [<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/fpiesche/flatpak-builds/apps/org.gemrb.gemrb/org.gemrb.gemrb.png" style="height: auto; width: 128px" />](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/org.gemrb.gemrb.html) | <h3>[GemRB](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/org.gemrb.gemrb.html)</h3>A reverse-engineered port of Bioware's Infinity Engine. | Waiting for dev approval for Flathub submission |
| [<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/fpiesche/flatpak-builds/apps/io.github.andrei_drexler.ironwail/io.github.andrei_drexler.ironwail.png" style="height: auto; width: 128px" />](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/io.github.andrei_drexler.ironwail.html) | <h3>[Ironwail](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/io.github.andrei_drexler.ironwail.html)</h3>A high-performance Quake source port. | [Waiting for dev approval for Flathub submission](https://github.com/andrei-drexler/ironwail/issues/241#issuecomment-2261224166) |
| [<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/fpiesche/flatpak-builds/apps/io.github.sergiou87.open-supaplex/io.github.sergiou87.open-supaplex.png" style="height: auto; width: 128px" />](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/io.github.sergiou87.open-supaplex.html) | <h3>[Open Supaplex](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/io.github.sergiou87.open-supaplex.html)</h3>A cross-platform port of the 90s puzzle game Supaplex. | Waiting for dev approval for Flathub submission. |
| [<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/fpiesche/flatpak-builds/apps/io.github.openenroth.openenroth/io.github.openenroth.openenroth.png" style="height: auto; width: 128px" />](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/io.github.openenroth.openenroth.html) | <h3>[OpenEnroth](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/io.github.openenroth.openenroth.html)</h3>A reverse-engineered source port of Might & Magic VI-VIII. | Too early in development for Flathub submission. |
| [<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/fpiesche/flatpak-builds/apps/io.github.fgsfdsfgs.perfect_dark/io.github.fgsfdsfgs.perfect_dark.png" style="height: auto; width: 128px" />](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/io.github.fgsfdsfgs.perfect_dark.html) | <h3>[Perfect Dark](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/io.github.fgsfdsfgs.perfect_dark.html)</h3>PC port of the N64 game, based on decompilation. | Unsuitable for Flathub submission. |
| [<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/fpiesche/flatpak-builds/apps/org.icculus.prey/org.icculus.prey.svg" style="height: auto; width: 128px" />](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/org.icculus.prey.html) | <h3>[Prey (2006)](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/org.icculus.prey.html)</h3>The native Linux port of the 2006 shooter Prey by Ryan C. Gordon, now as a Flatpak! | Unsuitable for Flathub submission due to proprietary license. |
| [<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/fpiesche/flatpak-builds/apps/com.idsoftware.quake4/com.idsoftware.quake4.png" style="height: auto; width: 128px" />](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/com.idsoftware.quake4.html) | <h3>[Quake 4](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/com.idsoftware.quake4.html)</h3>The native Linux port of the Quake 4, now as a Flatpak! | Unsuitable for Flathub submission due to proprietary license. |
| [<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/fpiesche/flatpak-builds/apps/io.github.greemdev.ryujinx/io.github.greemdev.ryujinx.png" style="height: auto; width: 128px" />](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/io.github.greemdev.ryujinx.html) | <h3>[RyujinX](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/io.github.greemdev.ryujinx.html)</h3>An active fork of RyujinX after that was abandoned. | Not yet submitted. |
| [<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/fpiesche/flatpak-builds/apps/net.shadps4.shadPS4/net.shadps4.shadPS4.svg" style="height: auto; width: 128px" />](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/net.shadps4.shadPS4.html) | <h3>[shadPS4](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/net.shadps4.shadPS4.html)</h3>PS4 emulator. | Flathub submission under preparation |
| [<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/fpiesche/flatpak-builds/apps/com.shipofharkinian.shipwright/com.shipofharkinian.shipwright.png" style="height: auto; width: 128px" />](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/com.shipofharkinian.shipwright.html) | <h3>[Ship of Harkinian](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/com.shipofharkinian.shipwright.html)</h3>PC port of The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time. | Not yet submitted. |
| [<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/fpiesche/flatpak-builds/apps/gg.sprawl.sprawl96/gg.sprawl.sprawl96.svg" style="height: auto; width: 128px" />](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/gg.sprawl.sprawl96.html) | <h3>[SPRAWL 96](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/gg.sprawl.sprawl96.html)</h3>A Quake total conversion based on the 2023 retro shooter SPRAWL. | Waiting for dev approval for Flathub submission. |

Commit message:

Add dsda-doom to listing

README.md, after:

# Yellow Keycard Flatpaks

This is a repository holding some Flatpak builds I've assembled which I have yet to submit to Flathub for a variety of reasons - the app is still going through developer changes and approval, the developers have gone missing or retired so I can't get approval for a submission, or the licensing situation is unclear or incompatible with Flathub, or the developers have specifically said they don't want their app to be listed on Flathub.

# Setup

`flatpak remote-add --user ykc https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/ykc.flatpakrepo`

# Current packages

| | | |
|:-:|:-|:-|
| [<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/fpiesche/flatpak-builds/apps/io.github.elasota.aerofoil/io.github.elasota.aerofoil.png" style="height: auto; width: 128px" />](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/io.github.elasota.aerofoil.html) | <h3>[Aerofoil](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/io.github.elasota.aerofoil.html)</h3>A port of Glider PRO, the classic Macintosh paper airplane game. | Pending submission to Flathub |
| [<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/fpiesche/flatpak-builds/apps/org.lhowon.alephone/org.lhowon.alephone.png" style="height: auto; width: 128px" />](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/org.lhowon.alephone.html) | <h3>[Aleph One](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/org.lhowon.alephone.html)</h3>A modern source port of Bungie's Marathon engine. | [Developer rejected Flathub submission (for now)](https://github.com/Aleph-One-Marathon/alephone/issues/344#issuecomment-2322325970) |
| [<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/fpiesche/flatpak-builds/apps/org.arx_libertatis.arxlibertatis/org.arx_libertatis.arxlibertatis.png" style="height: auto; width: 128px" />](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/org.arx_libertatis.arxlibertatis.html) | <h3>[Arx Libertatis](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/org.arx_libertatis.arxlibertatis.html)</h3>A source port of Arx Fatalis. | [waiting for dev approval for Flathub submission](https://bugs.arx-libertatis.org/arx/issues/1747) |
| [<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/fpiesche/flatpak-builds/apps/io.github.interkarma.daggerfall-unity/io.github.interkarma.daggerfall-unity.png" style="height: auto; width: 128px" />](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/io.github.interkarma.daggerfall-unity.html) | <h3>[Daggerfall Unity](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/io.github.interkarma.daggerfall-unity.html)</h3>A modern port of The Elder Scrolls II: Daggerfall. | Developer refused Flathub submission |
| [<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/fpiesche/flatpak-builds/apps/info.exult.exult/info.exult.exult.svg" style="height: auto; width: 128px" />](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/info.exult.exult.html) | <h3>[Exult](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/info.exult.exult.html)</h3>A reverse-engineered source port of Ultima VII. | [Awaiting developer approval for Flathub submission](https://github.com/exult/exult/issues/352) |
| [<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/fpiesche/flatpak-builds/apps/org.doom2d.doom2d/org.doom2d.doom2d.png" style="height: auto; width: 128px" />](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/org.doom2d.doom2d.html) | <h3>[Doom2D Forever](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/org.doom2d.doom2d.html)</h3>A Doom-themed platform shooter. | N/A |
| [<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/fpiesche/flatpak-builds/apps/io.github.kraflab.dsda-doom/io.github.kraflab.dsda-doom.png" style="height: auto; width: 128px" />](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/io.github.kraflab.dsda-doom.html) | <h3>[dsda-doom](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/io.github.kraflab.dsda-doom.html)</h3>A Doom sourceport focusing on vanilla faithfulness with added QOL features around video recording and speedrunning. | Developers have expressed no interest in Flathub submission. |
| [<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/fpiesche/flatpak-builds/apps/io.github.fpiesche.f2bgl/io.github.fpiesche.f2bgl.png" style="height: auto; width: 128px" />](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/io.github.fpiesche.f2bgl.html) | <h3>[f2bgl](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/io.github.fpiesche.f2bgl.html)</h3>A reverse-engineered port of Fade to Black. | License unclear and developer retired |
| [<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/fpiesche/flatpak-builds/apps/org.gemrb.gemrb/org.gemrb.gemrb.png" style="height: auto; width: 128px" />](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/org.gemrb.gemrb.html) | <h3>[GemRB](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/org.gemrb.gemrb.html)</h3>A reverse-engineered port of Bioware's Infinity Engine. | Waiting for dev approval for Flathub submission |
| [<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/fpiesche/flatpak-builds/apps/io.github.andrei_drexler.ironwail/io.github.andrei_drexler.ironwail.png" style="height: auto; width: 128px" />](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/io.github.andrei_drexler.ironwail.html) | <h3>[Ironwail](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/io.github.andrei_drexler.ironwail.html)</h3>A high-performance Quake source port. | [Waiting for dev approval for Flathub submission](https://github.com/andrei-drexler/ironwail/issues/241#issuecomment-2261224166) |
| [<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/fpiesche/flatpak-builds/apps/io.github.sergiou87.open-supaplex/io.github.sergiou87.open-supaplex.png" style="height: auto; width: 128px" />](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/io.github.sergiou87.open-supaplex.html) | <h3>[Open Supaplex](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/io.github.sergiou87.open-supaplex.html)</h3>A cross-platform port of the 90s puzzle game Supaplex. | Waiting for dev approval for Flathub submission. |
| [<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/fpiesche/flatpak-builds/apps/io.github.openenroth.openenroth/io.github.openenroth.openenroth.png" style="height: auto; width: 128px" />](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/io.github.openenroth.openenroth.html) | <h3>[OpenEnroth](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/io.github.openenroth.openenroth.html)</h3>A reverse-engineered source port of Might & Magic VI-VIII. | Too early in development for Flathub submission. |
| [<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/fpiesche/flatpak-builds/apps/io.github.fgsfdsfgs.perfect_dark/io.github.fgsfdsfgs.perfect_dark.png" style="height: auto; width: 128px" />](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/io.github.fgsfdsfgs.perfect_dark.html) | <h3>[Perfect Dark](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/io.github.fgsfdsfgs.perfect_dark.html)</h3>PC port of the N64 game, based on decompilation. | Unsuitable for Flathub submission. |
| [<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/fpiesche/flatpak-builds/apps/org.icculus.prey/org.icculus.prey.svg" style="height: auto; width: 128px" />](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/org.icculus.prey.html) | <h3>[Prey (2006)](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/org.icculus.prey.html)</h3>The native Linux port of the 2006 shooter Prey by Ryan C. Gordon, now as a Flatpak! | Unsuitable for Flathub submission due to proprietary license. |
| [<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/fpiesche/flatpak-builds/apps/com.idsoftware.quake4/com.idsoftware.quake4.png" style="height: auto; width: 128px" />](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/com.idsoftware.quake4.html) | <h3>[Quake 4](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/com.idsoftware.quake4.html)</h3>The native Linux port of the Quake 4, now as a Flatpak! | Unsuitable for Flathub submission due to proprietary license. |
| [<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/fpiesche/flatpak-builds/apps/io.github.greemdev.ryujinx/io.github.greemdev.ryujinx.png" style="height: auto; width: 128px" />](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/io.github.greemdev.ryujinx.html) | <h3>[RyujinX](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/io.github.greemdev.ryujinx.html)</h3>An active fork of RyujinX after that was abandoned. | Not yet submitted. |
| [<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/fpiesche/flatpak-builds/apps/net.shadps4.shadPS4/net.shadps4.shadPS4.svg" style="height: auto; width: 128px" />](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/net.shadps4.shadPS4.html) | <h3>[shadPS4](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/net.shadps4.shadPS4.html)</h3>PS4 emulator. | Flathub submission under preparation |
| [<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/fpiesche/flatpak-builds/apps/com.shipofharkinian.shipwright/com.shipofharkinian.shipwright.png" style="height: auto; width: 128px" />](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/com.shipofharkinian.shipwright.html) | <h3>[Ship of Harkinian](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/com.shipofharkinian.shipwright.html)</h3>PC port of The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time. | Not yet submitted. |
| [<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/fpiesche/flatpak-builds/apps/gg.sprawl.sprawl96/gg.sprawl.sprawl96.svg" style="height: auto; width: 128px" />](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/gg.sprawl.sprawl96.html) | <h3>[SPRAWL 96](https://flatpak.yellowkeycard.net/apps/gg.sprawl.sprawl96.html)</h3>A Quake total conversion based on the 2023 retro shooter SPRAWL. | Waiting for dev approval for Flathub submission. |
